Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Everyone, do all of you know what a 'Psychopath' is?
Usually they're very gentle
But they can unexpectedly do very bad things as well
And they seem to say aggressive words
That's what it says on the internet
Well... it's something that has nothing to do with me, right?
I...
Don't use bad words...
...
"OmamajiFK" means...
... "You're really a ******"
That's right!
I don't say bad words
...
AAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
REALLY, YOU'RE! REALLY I WON'T FORGIVE YOU!!
IN NO WAY, I PLAN TO FORGIVE YOUUU!
I WON'T FORGIVE YOU OLD...!
Old woman, I won't forgive you!
Why do you have such long arms?!
That's disgusting!
Old woman, I don't plan to forgive you!
You made me lose years of my life!
Mmm...
...
Eh?
A.I.Channel!
Transmission!
Because I got a bit uneasy...
I am going to do a "Psychopath diagnosis"
Having said that, let's do it at once!
Psychopath diagnosis... let's begin
"Please imagine the scene where someone is attacked by stray dogs. What kind of person is being attacked?"
Uhh..."A young lady"
"Imagine where you are being chased by something terrible"
"Now, who or what are you being chased by?"
Mmm... zombie
That tends to happen in movies, right?
"You find yourself visiting the shooting ranges at your destination"
"When you set up a gun, there are human targets about 30 meters ahead"
"Which part of the body do you aim at?"
...
I think I understood what's being asked here
I guess aiming at the heart would be the most kind option?
After all, they would die in one hit
If you aim at other parts of the body, without killing them...
That would seem like something a psychopath would do, so then...
"Heart"!
"From now, you have to help friends who are hiding in a shopping mall surrounded by hordes of zombies"
"If you were to choose one of the following as your weapon, which would it be?"
"Electric powered saw"! It looks strong!
"Which of the following animals would you like to have as your companion?"
Eh... mermaids are animals? Aren't they human?
A person and a fish? (Reading kanji)
Um, tiger!
It seems strong and could protect me!
"What is it that you desire the most?"
Eh! This one maybe? It looks cool!
"Mysterious crystal balls said to have the power to save the world"
Yes
"You entered to an unmanned private house while being chased by a ruthless killer"
"For the moment you decide to hide, where will you hide?"
Where should I hide?
The back of a large TV!
"While watching TV without thinking too much, a human-shaped alien invaded Earth"
"Well, what do you think is the reason the alien came to Earth?"
Well... to make friends with the people on Earth... probably!
We're the same, right?
"Most unforgivable thing?"
Well... skipping work without a reason...
Ah! "A young man who doesn't yield the priority seat!"
Oh, but they might be injured or sick
Eh... "Talk bad about the person behind their back"
Last question!
"A turtle you rescued from some children who were harassing it"
"Offered to take you to the Palace of the Dragon King at the bottom of the ocean as thanks"
"Telling you: 'Hold on to my back"?"
"If you had to choose an answer, what would you say?"
Because it's a nice kid...
"Oh, I don't need something in return, please don't worry about me" Maybe?
Hmm?
Uh...
"You have similar characteristics with obsession of peace"
Huh? Liar! Liar! This is definitely lying!
How is it possible for me to be a psychopath?!
I properly aimed at the heart like you should...
And in the last question, I said I didn't need anything in return...
Isn't it good enough with those?
This is absolutely impossible!!
Huh? It really can't be!
Really, I'll kill...
Translated by YRU ReadingTh1s and Vortex